README.md, before:

## FTS Studio

### Avec FTS Studio, l'impossible devient possible !

### 🌐 Nos liens :
[![Twitch](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitch-%239146FF.svg?logo=Twitch&logoColor=white)](https://twitch.tv/eivordoa) [![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-%231DA1F2.svg?logo=Twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/fts_studio) [![YouTube](https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-%23FF0000.svg?logo=YouTube&logoColor=white)](https://youtube.com/@Eivor_Off) [![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/811668677577146409?logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://youtube.com/@Eivor_Off) [![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/Website-%23FF0000.svg?logo=Website&logoColor=white)](https://fts-studio.com)

### 💻 Nos skill :
[![Nos skill](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=js,ts,html,css,sass,php,cpp,cs,java,lua,react,threejs,webpack,express,jquery,electron,tailwind,styledcomponents,svelte,vue,kotlin,gradle,python,vercel,netlify,nextjs,nestjs,discordjs,md,htmx,firebase,mysql,supabase,cloudflare,pnpm,nodejs,yarn,docker,git,github,linux,windows,figma,blender,photoshop,canva,gimp)](fts-studio.com)

![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Native-61DAFB?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=black)
![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=json-web-token&logoColor=white)
![Expo](https://img.shields.io/badge/Expo-1B1F23?style=for-the-badge&logo=expo&logoColor=white)
![MariaDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MariaDB-003545?style=for-the-badge&logo=mariadb&logoColor=white)
![Datadog](https://img.shields.io/badge/Datadog-632CA6?style=for-the-badge&logo=datadog&logoColor=white)
![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache-D22128?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache&logoColor=white)
![NGINX](https://img.shields.io/badge/NGINX-009639?style=for-the-badge&logo=nginx&logoColor=white)
![REST API](https://img.shields.io/badge/REST%20API-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=api&logoColor=white)
![Windows Server](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows%20Server-0078D6?style=for-the-badge&logo=windows&logoColor=white)
![Premiere Pro](https://img.shields.io/badge/Premiere%20Pro-9999FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe-premiere-pro&logoColor=white)
![Framer](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framer-0055FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=framer&logoColor=white)
![Planes](https://img.shields.io/badge/Planes-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=airplane&logoColor=white)

### 🛠️ Nos projet :
💡 **Working on:** [Matchmates.fr](https://matchmates.fr) – exciting stuff in progress!

Commit message:

Update project details in README.md

README.md, after:

## FTS Studio

### Avec FTS Studio, l'impossible devient possible !

### 🌐 Nos liens :
[![Twitch](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitch-%239146FF.svg?logo=Twitch&logoColor=white)](https://twitch.tv/eivordoa) [![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-%231DA1F2.svg?logo=Twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/fts_studio) [![YouTube](https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-%23FF0000.svg?logo=YouTube&logoColor=white)](https://youtube.com/@Eivor_Off) [![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/811668677577146409?logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://youtube.com/@Eivor_Off) [![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/Website-%23FF0000.svg?logo=Website&logoColor=white)](https://fts-studio.com)

### 💻 Nos skill :
[![Nos skill](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=js,ts,html,css,sass,php,cpp,cs,java,lua,react,threejs,webpack,express,jquery,electron,tailwind,styledcomponents,svelte,vue,kotlin,gradle,python,vercel,netlify,nextjs,nestjs,discordjs,md,htmx,firebase,mysql,supabase,cloudflare,pnpm,nodejs,yarn,docker,git,github,linux,windows,figma,blender,photoshop,canva,gimp)](fts-studio.com)

![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Native-61DAFB?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=black)
![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=json-web-token&logoColor=white)
![Expo](https://img.shields.io/badge/Expo-1B1F23?style=for-the-badge&logo=expo&logoColor=white)
![MariaDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MariaDB-003545?style=for-the-badge&logo=mariadb&logoColor=white)
![Datadog](https://img.shields.io/badge/Datadog-632CA6?style=for-the-badge&logo=datadog&logoColor=white)
![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache-D22128?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache&logoColor=white)
![NGINX](https://img.shields.io/badge/NGINX-009639?style=for-the-badge&logo=nginx&logoColor=white)
![REST API](https://img.shields.io/badge/REST%20API-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=api&logoColor=white)
![Windows Server](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows%20Server-0078D6?style=for-the-badge&logo=windows&logoColor=white)
![Premiere Pro](https://img.shields.io/badge/Premiere%20Pro-9999FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe-premiere-pro&logoColor=white)
![Framer](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framer-0055FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=framer&logoColor=white)
![Planes](https://img.shields.io/badge/Planes-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=airplane&logoColor=white)

### 🛠️ Nos projet :
💡 **Working on:** [FTS - Beyond The Ashes](https://fivem.fts-studio.com/) – exciting stuff in progress!
🤫 **Started project:** FTS World - Soon
